<b> Progress </b>
My project broadly falls into three phases. I have  completed all three phases. 
1) The first phase involves creating the note generation algorithm, modelling the sine wave synthesis after the physical sounds of the clarinet. This requires a sinewave for the base frequency, as well as six modulators to alter this frequency, each of which has a different magnitude and frequency of its own. This step also required me to determine what the base resonant frequencies are on the clarinet for each major and minor pitch.
Once the note generation method is built, I needed to add methods that allowed users to increase or decrease their volume, as well as change the octave of the notes they were playing.
On the front end, the first phase included building the graphic user interface. It involves an animation wherein a clarinet on the screen shows the fingering of the note that is being played. I also needed to structure the audio output in such a way that music only comes out when buttons corresponding to notes are pressed -- and not always or during other commands. Lastly, I needed to create a slider to adjust volume and a button to toggle between the higher and lower octave.

2) The second phase involved creating methods to string multiple notes together, playing scales at a rate specified by the user's beat-per-minute input. During this phase, I ran into a difficult issue: while the playScale method is looping through each note in the scale, the main thread does not call the draw method. Even when I attempted to call the draw method from within the playScale method, the frame did not update. In order to resolve this issue, I needed to create a second thread to output audio. I also needed to use std::clock to align the two threads and switch notes at even intervals.

3) The third phase involved the creation of three functionalities; the first is functionality that records the user as they play a series of notes. The second is a functionality that plays those notes back to the user; and the third is a functionality that compares two recordings and finds the differences in the note names and note lengths. 

<b> Issues </b>
During the second phase, needing to build a second thread presented a major issue. I have never used multithreading before, and my first few attempts/iterations were plagued by segfaults. Aside from learing multithreading and ensuring that resources were not attempting to be accessed by both threads, I needed to learn how to output audio outside of the main thread in openFrameworks, and I  needed to refactor all of my audio output methods into a new class.

During the first phase, many of my issues have centered around learning FM-synthesis. I needed to perform research to understand the process of how notes are generated electronically, as well as the frequency percentages that correspond to each step in the note generation project. I also needed to reerse engineer the the number, amplitude, and frequency of the modulators based on the resonant frequency graph of the clarinet -- a process that took hours. 
In addition, I attempted to added ADSR (attack, decay, sustain, release) envelopes to the sound in order to make it sound more realistic, but after multiple hours of experimentation, I was not able to determine the envelope values that would function without unduly distorting the sound. 
Outside of learning FM synthesis, some of the syntactical oddities of tonic have created issues. For example, if I place paranthesis around one of the sinewaves, the function stops outputting sound.
Lastly, it took a substantial amount of time for me to determine why the ofSoundStream.setup() function was not working -- the sample rate used by the speakers on my laptop is 48000, not 44,100 as is the default on most other laptops.

During the third phase, while implementing the recording method, I originally forgot to record the time periods during which the user was not playing notes. I eventually added this to the beginning of the note key pressed method, but I then ran into an issue wherein holding down a key caused the time period to be recorded as silence.I eventually resolved these issues, but they added to my debugging time.

Lastly, it was difficult -- and I was short on time -- in testing many of the features of the application. I was only able to, in the end, really test the methods that output sound. 
